Team reviewed September 2024 Global Complaint Oversight Metrics Dashboard. Overall, all Global Complaint Oversight Metrics met the goals. The number of complaints received in September 2024 is higher than previous month. The Complaint Timeliness, MFT Timeliness, Triage Timeliness, Change Log Timeliness, Trending Report Timeliness and MDR Submission Timeliness are all green.
The team reviewed the Complaint Timeliness and Change Log Timeliness of the last three months showed that all regions met their goals and were all green. Review of MFT Timeliness and Change Log Timeliness for the last three months showed all green except for EMEA that returned green in September after being in red in the previous month.
Triage Timeliness was reviewed APAC, LATAM and EMEA are green in the last three month, however, EMEA region is yellow for triage Timeliness for the last three months hence a corrective action is required to be initiated. A member of the EMEA team explained that this is because of resource constraint- some Analyst were on vacation and other on medical leave and increase in volumes for triage.
The complaint volume for all regions and globally were higher than the previous month. The team reviewed the WordCloud that showed the most common words used in the September 2024 complaint description. The complaint distribution by category for the company was reviewed and the finding revealed that the Non-Priority was the main driver of the complaint volume.
The volume for triage and MFT were higher for all region and globally than the previous month. The change log volume was lower in September than the previous month for LATAM, EMEA and NA but slightly higher for APAC. The distribution of change log by category was reviewed and the finding suggests that the volume in Change log is driven by the high number of Adverse Event cases. It is suggested that if the 
The team finally reviewed the Open Overdue complaints in Tableau. Cases between the ages of 46 to 75 days, 76 to 104 days, and 105 to 365 days, that belong to NA and EMEA region. The Director of the CV team stressed that good reasons as to why are still pen and overdue without extension should be known before every oversight meeting.
In conclusion, this was a very successful review meeting.  We had a successful month of September 2024 in terms of Regional and Global complaint vigilance performance.
